---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Introduction

This document can be your reference to all GA related information. You
will find how to use and utilize the platform to maximize your
productivity and minimize issues.

## What is GA?

GA universe is a no code/low code platform that uses the previously
mentioned techniques to allow users of all experiences to be able to
design, build, and develop business applications that serve different
purposes without the need to be savvy in the ins and outs of the
development process, also without writing a single line of code, or
writing the minimum required code.â€¯It can be used for many different use
cases and reasons, of which:

- Building applications

- Building new applications from scratch to solve a problem or
  process

- Integrating applications

- Integrating legacy applications that were built in the past but over
  time grew too coupled or went out of support

- Reporting and analytics

- Making dashboards and reporting panels from different data sources
  and legacy applications

## Examples of GA usage

GA is able to create different kinds of business applications like
organizational internal tools, simple SPA (Single page
applications), and complex applications by
using the low code/no code aspects.

## Using GA

Utilizing GA is as easy as:

1.  Opening the page

2.  Dragging the needed components

3.  Edit it to your liking

4.  Rinse and repeat!

## Tutorials

- [Building your first hello world page](#)

- [Building a fully functional full-stack
  application](#)

## Workflows

Workflows are the logic of your application; you can think of it like
the lines of code but much easier. Each workflow consists of three
parts:

1.  Start: The starting point of the workflow

2.  Logic: what the workflow is used for

3.  End: The ending point of the workflow

For implementing your logic, the workflow has 14 different categories.
You can use commands like: Read data, write data, etc. You can read more
about it [here](#).

You can use different components for different purposes, like a
condition switch which determines the workflow path based on a set
condition, or send email which sends email with the specified body and
subject to the specified recipient.

## FAQ

- What is no code?

No code is designing logic for an application without the use of any
actual programming code. It can be done in different ways for different
reasons. Its benefits range from a learning tool for beginners all the
way to accelerating the development for experts.

- What is low code?

Low code is designing logic for an application but with the use of low
amounts of programming code. This is like no code but is more advanced
in concept. Using low code, some problems could be solved faster than
just using no code and using traditional coding.

- What is the difference between no/low code and traditional coding?

No code/low code platforms are designed to be faster, easier, and more
efficient for building applications for beginners and senior
programmers.

The main differences are:

- Learning curve, which is lower for no code

- Speed of development, no code is more rapid in terms of development

- Scalability, generally no code applications are easier to scale

- Adaptability, no code applications are more adaptable and agile than
  traditional code applications

- Benefits of no code

  - Lower cost

    - No-code applications does not require as many experienced programmers, resulting in significantly lower development costs.

    - You can save cost by decreasing the number of programmers

    - Reduce costs by reducing development time

  - Agile

    - Developing with no code is proven to be more agile

    - Applications can incorporate a set of templates that can be easily utilized when needed

    - Redesigning and changing the application's themes is easier

  - More productivity

    - With no/low code, you can have a more productive development

  - Digitalization

    - Digitalization involves transforming traditional processes into a digital format.

    - This can be helped by many technologies, among them is no/low code

    - This is the biggest benefit of no code
